Liang Kai
What do you mean by bringing a child?
Isn't it obvious?
Tournament
What are the rules of this competition?
Kids can't fight.
Tongtong, as long as you win this game
I will eat meat every day in the future
Do you hear me?
Is insane
If you have time to worry about him, you might as well worry about yourself
You should think about it for a while after you lose
How will he die?
Me and a child
Nothing to gamble on.
OK
What do you want to bet on?
I want to bet
You know
Why don't you dare?
OK
I'll bet you.
Mu Wushuang
As long as you win the game
I'll give your sister my life back
Have fun with him after the snow
It's not a loss.
That is.
I guess your sister still wants my brother to go down
Let him be cool again hahaha